README.md, before:

# mantisbt is a ☆ ✪ ★ rockstar

Just another `☆ ✪ ★ rockstar` theme for [MantisBT](http://www.mantisbt.org/), the free web-based bugtracking system.

> This theme just uses the magic power of CSS to transform something old into something awesome.


2012 by http://tim-pietrusky.de


## In Action

### The so called "header"
![intro](http://tim-pietrusky.de/img/mantisbt_is_a_rockstar_intro.png)

### Issues (visual enhanced)
![visual enhanced issues](http://tim-pietrusky.de/img/mantisbt_is_a_rockstar_visual_enhanced_issues.png?VERSION=3)

### Clean and high-contrast forms
![visual enhanced issues](http://tim-pietrusky.de/img/mantisbt_is_a_rockstar_form.png)

### Lovely buttons (+1)
![buttons](http://tim-pietrusky.de/img/mantisbt_is_a_rockstar_buttons.png)


## Attributes

 * Just 1 x .css & 2 x images
 * Super old CSS3
 * No HTML5 (since there is just CSS, but it should be powered by [HTML5 ★ Boilerplate](http://html5boilerplate.com))
 * Fancy gradients (powered by [Ultimate CSS Gradient Generator](http://www.colorzilla.com/gradient-editor/))
 * +1 buttons (powered by [CSS Button Generator](http://cssbuttongenerator.com) with default settings)
 * And there is a minified version, too (powered by [CSS Compressor & Minifier](http://www.minifycss.com/css-compressor))


## Install

1. [Download](http://github.com/TimPietrusky/mantisbt-is-a-rockstar/zipball/master)
2. Unpack
3. Copy all files from the unpacked folder `css/*` to `<mantis_root>/css/`

Your done! Go and play!

## Tested

### MantisBT

 * 1.2.10

### Browser

 * Chrome 19
 * Firefox 12
 * Safari 5.1.5
 * Internet Explorer 9.0


## ToDo

 * Add live preview
 * Detailed optimization for Microsoft Internet Explorer
 * Test more MantisBT-Versions
 * Test more browsers

## Changelog

### 20120607
 - [TimPietrusky] Fixed issue [#1](http://github.com/TimPietrusky/mantisbt-is-a-rockstar/issues/1).
 - [TimPietrusky] Added CSS for bugnote and avatar.
 - [TimPietrusky] Added simple transition for "open/close" elements (e.g. filter)

### 20120604
 - [TimPietrusky] Optimizations for Internet Explorer.

### 20120603
 - [TimPietrusky] Tested under Windows.
 - [TimPietrusky] Tested Internet Explorer.
 - [TimPietrusky] Removed ⚡ cause ⚡ does not work on Windows. The new rockstar is ☆.


## License

Licensed under [VVL 1.33b7](http://tim-pietrusky.de/license) which means this **work** is free for all, so use it as you like.

Commit message:

Added "Version" with initial status "public beta".

README.md, after:

# mantisbt is a ☆ ✪ ★ rockstar

Just another `☆ ✪ ★ rockstar` theme for [MantisBT](http://www.mantisbt.org/), the free web-based bugtracking system.

> This theme just uses the magic power of CSS to transform something old into something awesome.


2012 by http://tim-pietrusky.de

## Version

Public beta*

**Elvis has not left the building ♦ Please report bug's so he can go*



## In Action

### The so called "header"
![intro](http://tim-pietrusky.de/img/mantisbt_is_a_rockstar_intro.png)

### Issues (visual enhanced)
![visual enhanced issues](http://tim-pietrusky.de/img/mantisbt_is_a_rockstar_visual_enhanced_issues.png?VERSION=3)

### Clean and high-contrast forms
![visual enhanced issues](http://tim-pietrusky.de/img/mantisbt_is_a_rockstar_form.png)

### Lovely buttons (+1)
![buttons](http://tim-pietrusky.de/img/mantisbt_is_a_rockstar_buttons.png)


## Attributes

 * Just 1 x .css & 2 x images
 * Super old CSS3
 * No HTML5 (since there is just CSS, but it should be powered by [HTML5 ★ Boilerplate](http://html5boilerplate.com))
 * Fancy gradients (powered by [Ultimate CSS Gradient Generator](http://www.colorzilla.com/gradient-editor/))
 * +1 buttons (powered by [CSS Button Generator](http://cssbuttongenerator.com) with default settings)
 * And there is a minified version, too (powered by [CSS Compressor & Minifier](http://www.minifycss.com/css-compressor))


## Install

1. [Download](http://github.com/TimPietrusky/mantisbt-is-a-rockstar/zipball/master)
2. Unpack
3. Copy all files from the unpacked folder `css/*` to `<mantis_root>/css/`

Your done! Go and play!

## Tested

### MantisBT

 * 1.2.10

### Browser

 * Chrome 19
 * Firefox 12
 * Safari 5.1.5
 * Internet Explorer 9.0


## ToDo

 * Add live preview
 * Detailed optimization for Microsoft Internet Explorer
 * Test more MantisBT-Versions
 * Test more browsers

## Changelog

### 20120607
 - [TimPietrusky] Fixed issue [#1](http://github.com/TimPietrusky/mantisbt-is-a-rockstar/issues/1).
 - [TimPietrusky] Added CSS for bugnote and avatar.
 - [TimPietrusky] Added simple transition for "open/close" elements (e.g. filter)

### 20120604
 - [TimPietrusky] Optimizations for Internet Explorer.

### 20120603
 - [TimPietrusky] Tested under Windows.
 - [TimPietrusky] Tested Internet Explorer.
 - [TimPietrusky] Removed ⚡ cause ⚡ does not work on Windows. The new rockstar is ☆.


## License

Licensed under [VVL 1.33b7](http://tim-pietrusky.de/license) which means this **work** is free for all, so use it as you like.
